---
title: NRF24 Documentation
template: doxygen/index
---

# NRF24 Documentation

Doxygen generated documentation. All doxygen partials should be placed into `./templates/doxygen/partials` directory.
 
 #### [Using the XML output](http://cs.swan.ac.uk/~csoliver/ok-sat-library/internet_html/doc/doc/Doxygen/1.7.6.1/html/customize.html)
 
 If the above two methods still do not provide enough flexibility, you can also use the XML output produced by doxygen as a basis to generate the output you like. To do this set GENERATE_XML to YES.
 
 The XML output consists of an index file named index.xml which lists all items extracted by doxygen with references to the other XML files for details. The structure of the index is described by a schema file index.xsd. All other XML files are described by the schema file named compound.xsd. If you prefer one big XML file you can combine the index and the other files using the XSLT file combine.xslt.
 
 You can use any XML parser to parse the file or use the one that can be found in the addon/doxmlparser directory of doxygen source distribution. Look at addon/doxmlparser/include/doxmlintf.h for the interface of the parser and in addon/doxmlparser/example for examples.
 
 The advantage of using the doxmlparser is that it will only read the index file into memory and then only those XML files that you implicitly load via navigating through the index. As a result this works even for very large projects where reading all XML files as one big DOM tree would not fit into memory.
 
#### [XML output](http://cs.swan.ac.uk/~csoliver/ok-sat-library/internet_html/doc/doc/Doxygen/1.7.6.1/html/starting.html)

The XML output consists of a structured "dump" of the information gathered by doxygen. Each compound (class/namespace/file/...) has its own XML file and there is also an index file called index.xml.

A file called combine.xslt XSLT script is also generated and can be used to combine all XML files into a single file.

Doxygen also generates two XML schema files index.xsd (for the index file) and compound.xsd (for the compound files). This schema file describes the possible elements, their attributes and how they are structured, i.e. it the describes the grammar of the XML files and can be used for validation or to steer XSLT scripts.

In the addon/doxmlparser directory you can find a parser library for reading the XML output produced by doxygen in an incremental way (see addon/doxmlparser/include/doxmlintf.h for the interface of the library)

### Index 
> Dump here an autogenerated (or not) documentation index.

    - Namespace
        + Static constants
        + Static enums
        + 
        + Class
            - Public
                + Vars
                + Methods
            - Protected
                + Vars
                + Methods        
            - Private
                + Vars
                + Methods            
        [...]